pd: add more region health info (#17449)
pingcap/docs: daily-check.md

![Region panel](/media/region-panel.png)

+ `down-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions with an unresponsive peer reported by the Raft leader.
+ `empty-region-count`: The number of empty Regions, with a size of smaller than 1 MiB. These Regions are generated by executing the `TRUNCATE TABLE`/`DROP TABLE` statement. If this number is large, you can consider enabling `Region Merge` to merge Regions across tables.
+ `extra-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions with extra replicas. These Regions are generated during the scheduling process.

> + `learner-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions with the learner peer. The sources of learner peers can be various, for example, the learner peers in TiFlash, or the configured Placement Rules include learner peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `learner-peer-region-count`: The number of Regions with the learner peer. The sources of learner peers can be various, for example, the learner peers in TiFlash, and the learner peers included in the configured Placement Rules.
```
